so for those who don't know why this
level is called Rings of Power Naughty
Dog's first big game was for the Sega
Genesis and it was called rings of power
and it was a RPG ish type game and it
did pretty well for the time but most
people in today's time have pretty much
forgotten about it but that's what this
level is called that four rings a power
it's kind of a throwback to that game
but one thing notable about that game
that completely blows my mind that they
managed to pull this off is that if you
play reigns of power and you hold down a
certain button combination on the second
controller when you start up the Genesis
usually the naughty dog logo comes up
and it's a dog you know it's a dog's
face with the big dogs now and all that
stuff but if you hold down the right
buttons that logo will change to a fully
topless drawing of a woman like no
censorship no blurring everything's
perfectly visible and this is on the
Genesis on the original cartridges on
every single one of them somehow they
got this past the censors probably the
fact that you have to hold down a
fucking completely insane button
combination i think it's like ABC start
up right or some bullshit on the second
player controller when the game's
starting up for this to happen but they
got to pass a sensor so it's in every
fucking game so pretty much Naughty Dog
completely owned everybody in that shit
so yeah
so what you do in this mode if you
fucking basically have to roll through
the Rings to keep your speed going if
you time it right then you get the speed
boost if you don't time it right where
you roll right through and you go
through it then you don't get to speed
boost yeah I like if you consider the
censorship of the day where people were
like shitting bricks about moral Kombat
and stuff like that that's pretty
fucking epic they managed to get that in
there yeah so if you miss one ring by
the way you fucking bone yourself so
you as long as you touch the ring i
believe is all it matters
oh shit yeah I can see you man of stars
ah fuck
got that shit fucking direct it I can
wreck it Ralph it
Gold relic to come i drew earthbound
stuff like that in a different stream
but yes that's fucking actually I need
to do i need to get the second time on
this i don't think it was forgetting the
first place and waste my time on it and
then it'll be 11 40 and i promise i will
play then after that i'm sorry for
taking so long
alright guys shut the creighton in the
balloon Carol you can shoot the fucking
writers and make them slow down that's
pretty epic although it's not really
like you need it if you need that that's
kind of bad I could run far cry through
my computer is pretty decent
got that shit too legit got first again
fuck it five miles i'm gonna give a shit